what is going on guys this of course is
mr. Tony Stark your number three source
for call of duty ghosts' information I
have an exciting video for you guys
today I'm going to be showing you the
lead JIT the absolute best way to unlock
camos for your guns and unlock them all
now if you guys remember I made a video
about this last year and a lot of you
benefited from it and I got a request to
do it again for this game obviously the
new Call of Duty obviously everyone
wants to get those swag doubt camos for
their guns and so I'm going to show you
exactly how to do so so you're in the
menu you're going to go to multiplayer
you're going to let that load up now
remember this only works if you have an
Xbox Live connection if you aren't
connected to the Internet this will not
work you're going to go into Xbox Live
again once you're in the multiplayer
screen you let it
fetch the profile if the servers are up
and running and you're gonna go in to
create a soldier now if you've created
your soldier already everything's all
ready and set to go and you have your
class load outs all set this is going to
be even easier so once you setup your
your soldier you're gonna go into the
load outs I'm gonna pick whichever one
you want and you can see I have three
set up right now I have the MSBs the
hundred honeybadger and the US are now I
want to check out the candles for the
honey badger so here I'm going to go
here into the class itself click on the
little camo you can see I have the snow
camel unlocked now right now you can see
that there's a bunch of different camos
that you can unlock right all of this
different stuff and you're wondering how
can i unlock these camos how can I do
them easily and how can I get them as
quick as possible well let me tell you
I'm going to be the first person to tell
you that by unlocking them and by
playing the game you're going to
actually get all of them all the way up
to the gold all the way up to the extra
clan camos and all of that for each gun
you can see all the way at the top the
snow you have to get 75 kills with this
weapon to get the brush you need 150
kills with a weapon while crouched to
get the autumn you need 35 assists with
the weapon ocean etc all the way down
through the
going to be a challenge for each
individual camo and that's how you're
gonna get the camo now if you came to
this video hoping that it was going to
be a glitch or a cheat you probably
should have learned from the last video
that I made if you didn't see it then
see I hate cheating and I hate glitching
and I hate hacking and so if you came to
the video hoping for that I'm glad
because a lot of people like to play
games and get the achievements legitly
and actually play the game and feel some
sort of sense of accomplishment
rather than cheating and having no skill
at the game whatsoever and not being
able to unlock them naturally now if you
didn't come for this video gum to the
video thinking that it was going to be a
glitch and you actually wanted to
legitly find out how to unlock them this
is legitly how to do it you go to each
camo see which one you want to get for
instance I really like the trail camo
and you get 35 kills with his weapon
shortly after reloading so if you're
using sleight of hand perk that's really
good rushing around maybe each
individual camo has a different
challenge and that's how you're going to
unlock that camo to get the gold one you
have to obviously unlock all of them so
if you're looking for gold camos that's
the way to do it for each individual
weapon I'll just show you on the sniper
rifle as well same sort of deal with the
gold all all camos have to be unlocked
trail same thing 25 kills shortly after
reloading but anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed this is obviously a funny video
I like to make this one on every new
game that comes out just because so many
people get butthurt about the camos and
getting them and cheating to get them
and just having them all in luck I'm
hoping that Infinity Ward's gonna
release some more maybe some instant DLC
and stuff like that we'll see down the
road but that's about it guys I
hopefully you guys are having a lot of
fun with this game I absolutely love it
I'm you know I'm really happy that
there's new Call of Duty and I'm really
happy that it's playing the way it is
and I have really no gripes so that's it
you